(upbeat ambient music)
Alright, for this first challenge,
I want you to add methods to do a pre-order traversal
of our tree implementation.
So the starter project in the resources area
is essentially the tree implementation,
the simple implementation of a tree
that we did in this section, and we added methods
to the tree and the tree node class
to do an in-order traversal, but we didn't add methods
for pre-order or post-order traversal.
Now remember that a pre-order traversal
means that we visit the root first.
And so, this is our tree, and a pre-order traversal
would be 25, because we visit the root first,
and then we go down to its left subtree
and visit its left subtree and so in this subtree,
we're also gonna visit the root first.
So we'll do 20, and then we wanna visit its left subtree
while we're gonna do the root of the left subtree first,
so we'll do 15, there's no left subtree,
so then we'll do 17.
Then we move back up, we've completed 20's left subtree,
so now we visit the right subtree, that's 22.
Now, we finish the root's left subtree,
so now we wanna visit it's right subtree.
We're gonna visit the root first, 27.
Then we're gonna visit its left subtree,
there's just 26 there.
We wanna now do its right subtree,
so we'll do 30, 29, and 32.
With the pre-order, you always visit the root first,
and then you visit its left subtree
and then its right subtree.
But of course, for each subtree,
you also visit the root first,
and then the left, and then the right.
So this should be a fairly easy challenge I would say,
but go ahead and add the methods
for pre-order traversal to the tree and the tree node class.